doc,fs: update description of fs.stat() method (#47654)
nodejs/node: doc/api/fs.md

In case of an error, the `err.code` will be one of [Common System Errors][].

> [`fs.stat()`][] follows symbolic links, [`fs.lstat()`][] looks at the links

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[`fs.stat()`][] follows symbolic links. [`fs.lstat()`][] looks at the links
```
nit: since these could be separate sentences

> [`fs.stat()`][] follows symbolic links. [`fs.lstat()`][] looks at the links
> themselves. Therefore, [`fs.lstat()`][] must be used when the links themselves
> need to be examined.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
[`fs.stat()`][] follows symbolic links. Use [`fs.lstat()`][] to look at the links
themselves.
```

What about this to be more concise?

> themselves. Therefore, it is recommended to use [`fs.lstat()`][] when the links
> themselves need to be examined.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
themselves. Therefore, [`fs.lstat()`][] must be used when the links themselves
need to be examined.
```
because it's not optional, it's a hard requirement
